[Music]
and nothing more
all right
the statistics of all the countries we
show that millions of people
they share their life with some kind of
domestic pet the main ones are
dogs cats and fish many people who
he does not like animals they think that
Having a pet is just having expenses
look how it is and it is already but it is not only
that our animals make us
company we play with him we enjoy
how is it doing and even in cases
extremes as in an accident of
any kind can save our lives
no matter if it is a dog or a pig's
animals are not fools at all and what
You will see in this video created by the forum
answer the cndh and you will see cases
incredible to believe if you think
we start
[Music]
we started with the last position to be
doing his joan things in his farm of
suddenly falls to the ground suffering an attack
to the null heart to see its owner in
Trouble leaves the farm and heads to
a road that was nearby was
grave on the road and wait for
drivers to see a pig in the middle
of the road because logically
they stopped to see what happened was dead
alive or what happened when the
drivers of the car mules and went the
drivers ignored him and
they went back to the car again to leave
a young driver decides to follow the
pig to see what he wanted and discover that
all the piglet wanted was
get help for your master who was
in trouble
finally the master of lulú was taken to the
hospital and survived so you know
if you see an animal doing things
Maybe it's because he wants something
[Music]
in our second place counting from
back we have our dog
protagonist called sabrina who achieves
mysteriously save his life
owner not once but twice while being
his owner watching television by the
evenings and nights
Sabrina was barking at her head and
nibbled the back of the
head constantly to its owner not
he knew he wanted the dog of his head
he always barked and bit him in the same
site decides to go to a doctor
tests and by his bad luck they detect him
a tumor as big as a bullet in
where his dog nibbled him
extirpated in the tumor and thank God '
survives years later the dog will
licked the back always in the same
place did not give importance but sabrina
mine and mine and mine until your
owner decides to go for tests themselves
perhaps and indeed they discover a
malignant melanoma
maybe once it's a coincidence but that
a dog can detect cancer twice
the question is dogs can
detect cancer
[Music]
zoo the grove and usa
jimmy's parents 5 years old
they thought to take him to a zoo to
to see animals of all kinds at
be at the zoo admiring gorillas
suddenly falls to the ground from a height
of 5 meters the worst was not his fall what
worst was that he could be attacked by the
furious gorillas that were out there
good luck because the gorilla was
call blessed the other gorillas
they were about to attack the little
jimmy but this gorilla caught him fast
from the ground and he took it to a door that
there was out there to enter the territory
from the hills finally the child stress
tasted but unfortunately took it
to the hospital for the heavy blows that
he suffered and the gorilla became a
local star
[Music]
normally among the inhabitants of it
I saw the lions do not have a good
reputation since they usually kill humans
when they are found but what
happened one summer he would change his
beliefs in a place away from the
population several men had
kidnapped a girl from just
12 years to marry her with some man
by force he was also beaten by
they some lions were around the area
They approached the camp and drove off
these hijackers usually the
lions eat humans but in
this case they took care of the girl during a
day and a half until the police managed
find them in the jungle the lions at
see the cops got away from the girl
as if they delivered it to everyone they say that
it's been a miracle the experts we
tell that the lions could have
confused the moans of the girl with
meowing of a lion cub
[Music]
a summer day in new zealand
lifeguards on a beach were doing
training and rescue simulations
when suddenly a
shark by surprise three meters of
length
surely to play to the rescue not of
they suddenly appeared out of nowhere between 10
and 12 dolphins and they started doing
circles around humans
thus preventing the shark from attacking
dolphins circled around
them until they take them to the beach
[Music]
in the town of chimbas argentina
Nicolás , 16 years old, left at one o'clock
early morning from home to the garden to
pick up the clothes from the ropes of
tend because it was raining without giving
mind that there were electric cables
near the clothes line placed days before
for the family touches wet clothes and
Suddenly, thousands of
volts and the worst of all is that it
is hooked on the strings of
tend electrocuted in the parents of
Nicolas when he heard the boy screaming
they go out to the garden and try to pick it up
but they can not suddenly their two dogs
called well shut up they start to jump
about nicolás bianca jumps on nicolás
and manages to release the boy from the
ropes
finally boy suffers burns very
serious while his faithful white friend
Aaron's girlfriend mother of three puppies
she was electrocuted for saving her life
your family will always be your family
grateful for saving his life
your son
benitez
on December 15 , 1999 in yards
venezuela a shoot and started orion
I was barking all morning without stopping
their good did not know why
when it's raining during all that
tomorrow suddenly his owner saw a come
mud avalanche towards your house
they all quickly left their house
put yourself in a safe place and look like
water with mud mud rocks and cars
they were dragged through the streets
destroying everything by its passage in a place
firm surrounded by water there was a girl
8 years crying asking for help
Orion jumped into turbulent water and I swim
until that girl grabbed her clothes and
brought to shore safe and sound later
He also saw the help of a girl from
14 who was about to be
carried by the strong current of water
He jumped in her swim and dragged her
the shore its history still does not finish
here all that horror and ficod and orion
helped 35 more people out of
that strong current of water with
mud and stones
managed to save 37 people starting
from an 8-year-old girl to a
old man of 80 years this dog is a whole
hero or the people who were there
I dared to save only one person
finally days later
Orion was decorated by the mayor of
the locality for having saved so many
lives
if you liked it, give it a thumbs up
you help us to continue creating these works
now if you have any questions
related to problems of couple in
the marriage of children education aid
with school homework questions
about sports dietetics advice
legal beauty and any question
that you can solve it in
answer land and we also invite you to
see our other videos click on
the picture